NEST-283: Prevent recipes with the “developer” category to be listed on the setup screen (#5)
Lombiq/Hosting-Tenants: Lombiq.Hosting.Tenants.Management/Readme.md

}
```

### `Lombiq.Hosting.Tenants.Management.HideRecipesFromSetup`

With this module, you can specify recipe categories that won't be on the setup screen of tenants. Recipes for that category will still be available from the default tenant admin ui and it will be available if you use via `AutoSetup` feature.

> You can specify the recipe categories you want to hide using the `HideRecipesByCategoryFromSetup()` function in the web project `ConfigureServices()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this module, you can specify tags for recipes that won't be listed on the setup screen of tenants. Recipes with those tags will still be available from the Default tenant admin UI and they'll also be available to be used via the `AutoSetup` feature.

You can specify the recipe categories you want to hide using the `HideRecipesByCategoryFromSetup()` method in the web project's `ConfigureServices()`.
```

```csharp
public void ConfigureServices(IServiceCollection services) =>

>   services.AddOrchardCms(builder=>builder.HideRecipesByCategoryFromSetup("hiddenCategory1","hiddenCategory2"))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
public void ConfigureServices(IServiceCollection services) =>
    services.AddOrchardCms(builder => builder.HideRecipesByCategoryFromSetup("hiddenCategory1", "hiddenCategory2"))
```

### `Lombiq.Hosting.Tenants.Management.HideRecipesFromSetup`

With this module, you can specify tags for recipes that won't be listed on the setup screen of tenants. Recipes with those tags will still be available from the Default tenant admin UI and they'll also be available to be used via the `AutoSetup` feature.

By default you can use `"HiddenOnSetupScreen"` tag on the recipe to hide it or you can specify the recipe tags you want to hide using the `HideRecipesByTagsFromSetup()` method in the web project's `ConfigureServices()`.

```csharp
public void ConfigureServices(IServiceCollection services) =>
    services.AddOrchardCms(builder => builder.HideRecipesByTagsFromSetup("hiddenTag1", "hiddenTag2"))
```

> **NOTE:** This extension method not only sets the tags you want to hide but also registers the feature as a setup feautre. If you just want to use the default hide tag you can call the extension function without any parameter.

Reviewer: Ezt inkább a method commentjébe kellene.

Author: Az jó ha a readmeben megtartom és a method kommentjét erre változtatom:
"Registers Lombiq.Hosting.Tenants.Management.HideRecipesFromSetup as a setup feature and configures a set of recipe tags that will be hidden on the setup screen. If you leave this method parameter empty then you can use the default, "HideFromSetupScreen" tag."

Reviewer: Az első mondatot ennek mentén átírnám: https://github.com/Lombiq/Hosting-Tenants/pull/5#discussion_r735864302 A második mondat a paraméter docjába kellene.

Reviewer: Ez a része kimaradt: "Az első mondatot ennek mentén átírnám: #5 (comment) "
